Add a note about replacing bytes4 with string (#11)
rmrk-team/EmotableEIP: README.md

Additionally, if the collection creator wants users to record their reactions on a different chain, they can still direct the users to do just that. The repository does not validate the existence of the token being reacted to, which in theory means that you can react to non-existent token or to a token that does not exist yet. The likelihood of a different collection existing at the same address on another chain is significantly low, so the users can react using the collection's address on another chain and it is very unlikely that they will unintentionally react to another collection's token.

> 8. **Should we replace `bytes4` with `strings` to represent emotes?**\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. **Should we use `strings` instead of `bytes` with some fixed length to represent emotes?**\
```

Author: I'd keep it this way.. The text below acknowledges that the original design used `bytes4`, and I'd rather own our mistakes than have to deal with someone. accusing us of doing shady stuff and hiding our missteps 🤔
